# IMF-C0419-S1000D0360-001-01_002-00
## Introduction
The IMF-C0419-S1000D0360-001-01_002-00 document is an XML file that contains metadata information about a specific data module.

## IMF Ident and Status Section
This section provides identification and status information about the data module.
### IMF Address
The IMF address section contains the following information:
* **IMF Code**: C0419-S1000D0360-001-01
* **Issue Number**: 002
* **In Work**: 00
#### IMF Address Items
The IMF address items section contains the following information:
* **ICN Title**: Bicycle
* **Issue Date**:
	+ Year: 2024
	+ Month: 06
	+ Day: 19
* **ICN Keyword Group**:
	+ mountain
	+ mountain bike
	+ Mk1
	+ Mk9

### IMF Status
The IMF status section contains the following information:
#### Security
* **Security Classification**: 01
* **Commercial Classification**: cc51
#### Data Restrictions
The data restrictions section contains the following information:
##### Restriction Instructions
* **Data Distribution**: To be made available to all S1000D users.
* **Export Control**:
	+ Export of this data module to all countries that are the residence of organizations that are users of S1000D is permitted.
	+ Storage of this data module is to be at the discretion of the organization.
* **Data Handling**: There are no specific handling instructions for this data module.
* **Data Destruction**: Users may destroy this data module in accordance with their own local procedures.
* **Data Disclosure**: There are no dissemination limitations that apply to this data module.
##### Restriction Info
* **Copyright**:
	+ Copyright (C) 2024 by AeroSpace, Security and Defence Industries Association of Europe - ASD
	+ Publishers:
		- Aerospace, Security and Defence Industries Association of Europe
		- Aerospace Industries Association of America
		- ATA e-Business Program
	+ Limitations of liability:
		- This material is provided "As is" and neither ASD nor any person who has contributed to the creation, revision or maintenance of the material makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
		- Neither ASD nor any person who has contributed to the creation, revision or maintenance of this material shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages or any other liability arising from any use of this material.
		- Revisions to this document may occur after its issuance. The user is responsible for determining if revisions to the material contained in this document have occurred and are applicable.
* **Policy Statement**: S1000D-SC-2016-017-002-00 Steering Committee TOR
* **Data Conditions**: There are no known conditions that would change the data restrictions for, or security classification of, this data module.

#### Responsible Partner Company
* **Enterprise Code**: B6865
* **Enterprise Name**: AEROSPACE, SECURITY AND DEFENCE INDUSTRIES ASSOCIATION OF EUROPE

#### Originator
* **Enterprise Code**: B6865
* **Enterprise Name**: AEROSPACE, SECURITY AND DEFENCE INDUSTRIES ASSOCIATION OF EUROPE

#### BREX DM Ref
* **DM Ref Ident**:
	+ **DM Code**:
		- Model Ident Code: S1000DBIKE
		- System Diff Code: AAA
		- System Code: D00
		- Sub System Code: 0
		- Sub Sub System Code: 0
		- Assy Code: 00
		- Disassy Code: 00
		- Disassy Code Variant: AA
		- Info Code: 022
		- Info Code Variant: A
		- Item Location Code: D
	+ **Issue Info**:
		- Issue Number: 011
		- In Work: 00
	+ **Language**:
		- Country ISO Code: US
		- Language ISO Code: en

#### Quality Assurance
* **First Verification**: tabtop

## IMF Content
This section contains the content of the data module.
### ICN Variation (SVG)
The ICN variation section contains the following information:
* **File Extension**: svg
* **ICN Contents**:
	+ **ICN Object Group**:
		- **ICN Objects**:
			- hot000: BICYCLE (CALLOUT)
			- hot001: BRAKE SUB-SYSTEM (CALLOUT)
			- hot002: GEAR SUB-SYSTEM (CALLOUT)
			- hot003: WHEEL, ASSEMBLY FRONT (CALLOUT)
			- hot004: PEDALS (CALLOUT)
			- hot005: CRANKS (CALLOUT)
			- hot006: CHAIN (CALLOUT)
			- hot007: WHEEL, ASSEMBLY REAR (CALLOUT)
			- hot008: SEAT, ASSEMBLY (CALLOUT)
			- hot009: FRAME ASSEMBLY (CALLOUT)
			- hot010: HANDLE BAR STEM (CALLOUT)
			- hot011: HANDLE BAR (CALLOUT)

### ICN Variation (PNG)
The ICN variation section contains the following information:
* **File Extension**: png